README.md, before:

**Pedestrian Report Dashboard**

The pedestrian report is a dashboard concept designed for the county transportation department. The dashboard uses features from a report survey for pedestrians using ESRI Survey123 API, along with the ESRI Workforce API which will allow user employees to create the assignments based on the report surveys. Using built-in features of Workforce API, users can assign tasks and classify their priority. The dashboard will include two layers: one to display assigned tasks from Workforce API and another to display places reported in the pedestrian report survey. The layer of assigned tasks will have symbology and a legend that groups the tasks into priorities of low, medium, and high. The layer of pedestrian reported-locations will have symbology and a legend that groups the location issues into categories of sidewalk damage, sidewalk obstruction, dangerous pedestrian zones, and miscellaneous. (Sidewalk damage would be where part of the sidewalk is missing, sidewalk obstruction could be where a tree has fallen onto the sidewalk, dangerous pedestrian zones would be pedestrian areas that seem hazardous to walk and may require a signal light). Using the report survey layer, the users of the dashboard (transportation employees) could look at the pedestrian report layer points and identify which points should be worded on. When a point is selected for the report layer, it will display the info and picture from Survey123. The transportation employee woulth then switch over to the Workforce layer of the map, where there will be a button to create an assignment using the embedded Workforce API. 

*Analysis*
The Worforce map layer with assigned tasks can also be opened in ArcGIS with an ArcPy script provided that will run network analysis to determine most efficient routing. Python scripts can be used in ArcGIS so that a user can automate analysis by running the script rather than pressing a sequence of buttons.

Commit message:

data pipeline info
Added information about webhook integration with Power Automate and JSON file handling for Survey123 entries.

README.md, after:

**Pedestrian Report Dashboard**

The pedestrian report is a dashboard concept designed for the county transportation department. The dashboard uses features from a report survey for pedestrians using ESRI Survey123 API, along with the ESRI Workforce API which will allow user employees to create the assignments based on the report surveys. Using built-in features of Workforce API, users can assign tasks and classify their priority. The dashboard will include two layers: one to display assigned tasks from Workforce API and another to display places reported in the pedestrian report survey. The layer of assigned tasks will have symbology and a legend that groups the tasks into priorities of low, medium, and high. The layer of pedestrian reported-locations will have symbology and a legend that groups the location issues into categories of sidewalk damage, sidewalk obstruction, dangerous pedestrian zones, and miscellaneous. (Sidewalk damage would be where part of the sidewalk is missing, sidewalk obstruction could be where a tree has fallen onto the sidewalk, dangerous pedestrian zones would be pedestrian areas that seem hazardous to walk and may require a signal light). Using the report survey layer, the users of the dashboard (transportation employees) could look at the pedestrian report layer points and identify which points should be worded on. When a point is selected for the report layer, it will display the info and picture from Survey123. The transportation employee woulth then switch over to the Workforce layer of the map, where there will be a button to create an assignment using the embedded Workforce API. 

A webhook will be used with Power Automate where every new entry from Survey123 will be sent to a JSON file with the associated attributes. The JSON file can then be sent to a pipeline using ArcGIS Data Pipeline where there will be a workflow to add the survey feature as an unnasigned feature in Workforce.

*Analysis*
The Worforce map layer with assigned tasks can also be opened in ArcGIS with an ArcPy script provided that will run network analysis to determine most efficient routing. Python scripts can be used in ArcGIS so that a user can automate analysis by running the script rather than pressing a sequence of buttons.
